[Music]
we all love magic tricks so today I'm
going to create a little magic trick for
you in just a few short simple steps
this test is a special combination of
numbers and colors it's not difficult
the only thing you need to remember is
the color that belongs to your number so
pick a number between 1 and 30 for
example I pick 15 take a look at the box
below and see if it has the number that
you picked
if yes note the yellow color there is
number 15 in this table so I noted the
yellow color take a look at the box
below and see if it has the number that
you picked
if yes note the orange color there is
also the number 15 here I noted the
orange color take a look at the box
below and see if it has the number that
you pick if yes
note the purple color yes again I found
15th the purple color is noted take a
look at the box below and see if it has
the number that you picked
if yes note the red color and again the
red color has been doted take a look at
the box below and see if it has the
number that you pick if yes
note the green color here I didn't find
the number 15 now
add up the number according to the
colors that you noted is it the number
that you picked so I have yellow 1
orange 2 purple 4 and red 8
let's add up the numbers one plus two
plus four plus eight equals fifteen that
is our number that I picked at the
beginning
[Music]
if you learn something new today then
give this video a like and share it with
a friend but eh don't go anywhere just
yet we have over two thousand cool
videos for you to check out all you have
to do is pick the left or right video
click on it and enjoy stay on the bright
side of life